README.md, before:

# bowery
[druid](https://github.com/monome/druid) script collection

- [alphabetsequencer.lua](alphabetsequencer.lua): sequence synth voices with sequins
- [boids.lua](boids.lua): four simulated birds that fly around your input
- [booleans.lua](booleans.lua): logic gates determined by two input gates
- [cali.lua](cali.lua): utility for calibrating crow's CV i/o
- [clockdiv.lua](clockdiv.lua): four configurable clock divisions of the input clock
- [cvdelay.lua](cvdelay.lua): a control voltage delay with four taps & looping option
- [euclidean.lua](euclidean.lua): a euclidean rhythm generator
- [gingerbread.lua](gingerbread.lua): clocked chaos generators
- [jfstrum.lua](jfstrum.lua): i2c strum sequencer for just friends and w/syn
- [krahenlied.lua](krahenlied.lua): sequence synth voices with poetry
- [lorenz.lua](lorenz.lua): lorenz attractor chaotic lfos
- [quantizer.lua](quantizer.lua): a continuous and clocked quantizer demo
- [samplehold.lua](samplehold.lua): sample and hold basics for scripting tutorial
- [seqswitch.lua](seqswitch.lua): route an input to 1 of 4 outputs with optional 'hold'
- [shiftregister.lua](shiftregister.lua): output the last 4 captured voltages & play just friends
- [timeline.lua](timeline.lua): timeline sequencer
- [wsyn_patch.lua](wsyn_patch.lua): wsyn example sequencer

learn how to upload scripts to crow using [***stage one*** of the crow scripting tutorial](https://monome.org/docs/crow/scripting)

Commit message:

Added a note on the optional norns UI.

README.md, after:

# bowery
[druid](https://github.com/monome/druid) script collection

- [alphabetsequencer.lua](alphabetsequencer.lua): sequence synth voices with sequins
- [boids.lua](boids.lua) (*): four simulated birds that fly around your input
- [booleans.lua](booleans.lua) (*): logic gates determined by two input gates
- [cali.lua](cali.lua): utility for calibrating crow's CV i/o
- [clockdiv.lua](clockdiv.lua) (*): four configurable clock divisions of the input clock
- [cvdelay.lua](cvdelay.lua) (*): a control voltage delay with four taps & looping option
- [euclidean.lua](euclidean.lua) (*): a euclidean rhythm generator
- [gingerbread.lua](gingerbread.lua): clocked chaos generators
- [jfstrum.lua](jfstrum.lua): i2c strum sequencer for just friends and w/syn
- [krahenlied.lua](krahenlied.lua): sequence synth voices with poetry
- [lorenz.lua](lorenz.lua): lorenz attractor chaotic lfos
- [quantizer.lua](quantizer.lua) (*): a continuous and clocked quantizer demo
- [samplehold.lua](samplehold.lua) (*): sample and hold basics for scripting tutorial
- [seqswitch.lua](seqswitch.lua) (*): route an input to 1 of 4 outputs with optional 'hold'
- [shiftregister.lua](shiftregister.lua) (*): output the last 4 captured voltages & play just friends
- [timeline.lua](timeline.lua): timeline sequencer
- [wsyn_patch.lua](wsyn_patch.lua): wsyn example sequencer

scripts with (*) have optional ui when connected to norns

learn how to upload scripts to crow using [***stage one*** of the crow scripting tutorial](https://monome.org/docs/crow/scripting)
